#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    ./compile-requirements.sh
#
-e git+https://github.com/jaywink/federation.git@50a3e376ddc91876449aedb745f2fc6228e7549d#egg=federation==0.20.0-dev.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geoip2
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphene
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   federation
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
autopep8==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-silk
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   markdownify
bleach==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
circus==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipdata
    #   rq
    #   shcli
codecov==2.1.11
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   codecov
    #   django-coverage-plugin
    #   pytest-cov
croniter==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rq-scheduler
cryptography==3.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
dirty-validators==0.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
django==2.2.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rq
    #   django-silk
    #   graphene-django
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-countries==7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-coverage-plugin==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-debug-toolbar==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-debug-toolbar-user-panel==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-enumfields==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-querycount==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-rq==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-silk==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-test-plus==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
faker==6.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   factory-boy
flake8==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   croniter
geoip2==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
gprof2dot==2021.2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-silk
graphene==2.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphene-django
graphene-django==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphene
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipdata
ipdata==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
ipdb==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ipython==7.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipdb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   traitlets
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-xrd
iteration-utilities==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
jedi==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-silk
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
markdownify==0.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
maxminddb==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geoip2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
natsort==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   croniter
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
parso==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
prompt-toolkit==3.0.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   circus
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
pyflakes==2.3.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-silk
    #   ipython
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-env==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   croniter
    #   django-silk
    #   faker
    #   federation
    #   freezegun
    #   rq-scheduler
python-xrd==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-silk
    #   federation
pyzmq==22.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   circus
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rq
    #   rq
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   codecov
    #   django-silk
    #   federation
    #   geoip2
    #   ipdata
    #   requests-http-signature-jaywink
    #   shcli
requests-http-signature-jaywink==0.1.0.dev0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   federation
rq==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rq
    #   rq-scheduler
rq-scheduler==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
rx==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphql-core
shcli==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
singledispatch==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphene-django
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   django-coverage-plugin
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdownify
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   singledispatch
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-silk
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faker
    #   graphene-django
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autopep8
    #   pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   circus
tqdm==4.59.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipdata
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geoip2
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
yarl==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
